Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
With president Helen Colton
arriving for the G7 Summit in Brussels.
the crisis in the Ukraine
will be the main issue discussed.
The other six leaders taking part
will also address issues on trade security
and climate change.
This will be the first G7 Summit
hosted by the European Union.
Originally. a G8 Summit was to take place
in Sochi. Russia. but
with that nation's invasion
and annexation of the
Crimea in Ukraine.
the decision was made to
expel Russia from this summit
and move it to Brussels.
With Russia. President Colton must manage
this diplomatic falling out
as the United States relies
on Russia's space program
to ferry astronauts to the
International Space Station.
Do we have any idea what he wants?
No. Just wanted. more
like demanded a meeting.
- And he flew from Colorado to Brussels?
- Well. it must be important.
- Bill?
- Yes. Madam President.
- I need a moment.
You want to start with this one. sir?
Yes. And the rest can
follow in this order.
- Coffee. Major?
- Oh no. Thank you.
sir. I am fully leaded.
Sir. do you think she'll believe us?
- Believe? Well. that's a good question.
But no matter what she believes
it won't change the facts.
Have you met the president?
- No. sir. I haven't.
I almost did when she
came to inspect Vandenberg
last month.
- Ah yes. Her surprise base inspections.
They aren't going as well as you'd think
- Sir?
- Oh. forget it.
Just a word of advice.
Colton uses Seward as a Pit Bull.
If she asks you a direct question.
you give her a complete answer.
The last thing you wanna do
is get into a debate with her.
Trust me.
- Understood. sir.
Well. anyone else-
- Excuse me. Who are you?
You must be General
Reager and Major Sampson.
- This is a closed door meeting.
- Yes. The door is closed.
I'm Cedric Yonah and
this is James Griffin.
- Well. excuse me. Mr. Yonah.
what is your purpose here?
- General. when I was
advised at this meeting.
my colleague and I were asked to attend.
- And who was that?
- Who was. what?
- Who asked you to attend?
- General. Major. let's no
get off on the wrong foot.
shall we?
You know as well as I. that on occasion.
outside experts are called in to assist.
- Madam President.
- General Reager. I haven't seen you
since that Navstar
launch of Cape Canaveral.
How's the Directorate?
- As always. Madam President. 100%.
Oh. I'd like you to meet
Major Ellen Sampson.
- Ah. Major Sampson. a pleasure.
- Likewise. Madam President.
- And where were you stationed?
- Space and Missile Systems. El Segundo.
- Ah. I should figure when old
John here called a meeting.
that space would factor into it.
Welcome.
- Thank you. Madam President.
- Forgive me Madam President.
but I thought this was going
to be a closed meeting.
- Oh. my dear General. you know
my policy. always a witness
or in this case. an expert or two.
And of course. you both
know Elisabeth Seward.
my National Security Advisor.
- Elisabeth.
- Ma'am.
- General. Major.
Elisabeth. perhaps you could
introduce our other two guests.
although it looked like
you were all exchanging
pleasantries when we walked in.
- Of a sort.
- General. Major. this is Cedric Yonah.
science attache to the
president and James Griffin.
who was with JPL and now the
Shinar Center of Science.
- Oh yes. the DC think
tank behind the upgrades
to the Deep Space Network.
- The very one. Major.
No point in launching satellites
if we can't communicate with them.
- Agreed.
- Yonah. Yonah. that's
Hebrew for dove. isn't it?
- It is.
- Well. now that we're all introduced.
General. this is your bailiwick.
I can give you just about an hour.
- Thank you. Madam president
if you would all take your seats.
- That's a pretty old school setup
for this level of briefing.
- Old-school?
A Faraday shield is protecting this room
and the adjacent hallway
from electromagnetic fields.
- Wow. That explains
why the Secret Service
confiscated our cell phones
before we entered the elevator.
But there will be a
record of this meeting.
Simply put. there's a hole
in the president's schedule
because she's here.
How long do you think it will take
before some intrepid reporter
starts asking questions
that I'm just gonna guess
you don't want answered.
- Ma'am the answer is simple.
The Commander of Air Force Space Command
requested an emergency
meeting with the president
- And as Commander.
I must protest the presence
of these two civilians.
They're not part of my command.
- No. They're part of mine.
Shall we get on with it?
- Of course. Madam President. Major.
This point in space is
known as Lagrange Point Two.
Just about 1 million miles from Earth.
This is one of five such celestial
points relative to Earth.
but is the Lagrange Point Two
that observes the Earth. Moon and Sun.
They're called parking places in space
because the combined gravitational forces
of all three bodies create
a place of equilibrium.
So a satellite can literally park there
and make observations.
- Madam President. when
the James Webb Telescope
launches in 2019. it'll
be parked at this point.
Sorry. General.
- Please tell me you
didn't request this meeting
to give me a science lesson.
- No. Madam president. Next slide.
You mentioned the Directorate earlier.
As you know. the Directorate
overseas GPS launch. military
and other highly classified communications
for the Department of Defense.
You're looking at a Milstar satellite
in geostationary orbit.
And that orbit is about
24.000 miles from earth.
As you may know. Madam President.
we have five of these military
communication satellites
in orbit.
On August 15 last year. this
satellite intercepted a signal
that originated from Lagrange Point Two.
At first. our concern was
that someone was trying
to hack into Milstar.
but at the time that
didn't seem to be the case.
- Why is that?
- The only satellite operating in LG2
is a European Space Agency
space observatory called. Gaia.
And it's not configured to
communicate with Milstar.
- Then what was it?
- Another satellite.
- But you just said that the
only one operating there was...
- Gaia.
- Yes. Thank you.
- Who intercepted the signal?
- My unit did
- Sure. It wasn't an Earth-based
signal that reflected
off some piece of space debris?
- Positive.
- Major. science isn't about positives.
It's about a probable set of
conclusions based on facts.
- Emissions from a neutron star?
- Negative.
- Comment?
This signal was in the upper band
of the electromagnetic spectrum.
- What part?
X-ray. and before you tell me
it's not possible scientifically.
you know. as well as I.
that NASA has been looking
into X-ray transmissions.
- But it's not NASA.
- No. and it's not the Europeans.
- But this signal could be faked.
- Sure. If there was a
transmitter 900 AUs from Earth.
but considering Voyager 1 is
just over 100 AUs from Earth.
I would say it's unlikely.
- Look. this could be Russia. China.
hell. it could be Iran. for all we know.
- Madam President. With all due respect.
there isn't a satellite launch
from this planet that we don't know about.
- General. what exactly
are you trying to tell me?
Madam President.
it was a satellite of
extraterrestrial origin.
- Dear God.
General. how did you get this picture?
- Yes. how did you?
Satellites are next to
impossible to image?
there's virtually no ambient light in space.
- To be frank. we got very lucky.
Major. do we have a slide of the X-37?
- Yes sir. I believe so.
- We're being watched
So it would it seem.
- But by who or what?
- Madam President. if I may.
just bring us all back
to Earth for a moment.
Since the Soviet Union
launched Sputnik in 1957
there have been over what?
6.000 satellites launched into space?
This predates the National
Reconnaissance Office
and the Space Surveillance Networks.
I agree with the general
that the United States tracks
all watches from around the
world now. but in the 1960s.
'70s. even '80s.
come on. it wasn't technically
possible back then.
- I had no idea you were such
a historian on space. Elisabeth.
- That's why I'm here. I briefed her.
- Oh. did you?
Interesting.
- Ready. sir.
- Thank you. Major.
Madam President.
you're familiar with the
Boeing X-37 space plane.
On the day of discovery.
this plane was on its second test flight.
On my order. I sent the plane to the LG2
where the signal originated.
with on-board lights and cameras.
the following images were produced.
- Well. thank you for confirming
the rumored EM drive.
but that still doesn't confirm
that it's extra terrestrial in origin.
- Oh. it does.
When the satellite engages
its engine and leave quickly.
We haven't been able to track it since.
- Then all you have. General is a picture
that could lend itself to
a science fiction story.
Mr. Science Attache.
in addition to the X-ray
transmission that we have.
the X- 37 also recorded some
very interesting readings.
- What kind?
- Propulsion.
Yes. we have an experimental
ION drive on the X-37.
but that pales in comparison
to the anti-gravity drive
on the satellite.
So we're no longer in the
world of science fiction.
but fact. and the fact
remains Madam President.
that a satellite of
extra terrestrial origin
was discovered at LG2
with communication and
propulsion technologies
that do not exist on Earth.
- Who else knows about this?
- Aside from those in this room.
only a handful of techs
from Sampson's unit
and Senator Hadrian.
The signal telemetry and
mission records of the X-37
are now controlled by my office.
- You know. if Sorenson
finds out about this
or any of these other
alien disclosure groups
were in of it.
- Sorenson?
- Oh. a political activist that heads up
Solar Research Group.
He tried putting pressure on the president
to disclose what she knew about UFOs
or more precisely. the extra
terrestrial presence issue.
- Christ. I need some coffee.
Let's take five.
- Government has painted
itself into a real corner
with this UFO matter.
Damned if they say something.
Damned if they don't.
They only believe what they see.
- It doesn't matter. It's academic.
- Do you think Reager will
be a help or a hindrance?
- Please. he is a career
military officer on a mission.
Which actually it gives me an idea.
- What's your impression of the president?
- If I dint know any better.
sir. I'd say she's scared.
- Aren't you? Hell. aren't we all?
With all that we know. we should
have seen this one coming.
Keep your eye on Cedric.
- That's not hard sir.
He's keeping them on me.
- If an opportunity
presents itself. take it.
We need to know more about him.
- I just can't believe this.
- Neither can I.
- What would your advice be?
- Well. whatever happens.
there's only one thing
you have to remember.
you're the president.
- Madam President. it was
truly an honor to meet you.
but I must beg to leave.
I have a flight today.
- Oh. I'm sorry to see you go.
I've enjoyed your commentary on this.
what are we calling it?
Development or discovery?
- Revelation.
- That's as good a word as any.
James. I'd like you to stay in touch
with Elisabeth's office.
I might have some follow-up
questions for you.
- Of course. Madam President.
- Leaving in the middle of
a presidential briefing.
- I thought you'd be happy. General.
- What could possibly be more important?
- You know the old adage.
ask me no questions.
- And I'll tell you no lies.
- Imagine if we did that in Washington
- Mr. Griffin. I do want to remind you.
this meeting is classified.
- General. you have my word that no one
on this planet will know.
Madam President. Madam Advisor. General. Major.
- Safe travels.
- Bill. I need to get to the
field as quickly as possible.
Yes. sir.
- General. forgive the obvious.
you discovered this alleged alien-
- There's nothing alleged about it.
- You don't mind if I finish. do you?
You discovered this
satellite on August 15th.
why are we just hearing
about this now on June 4th.
nearly a year after this incident?
- And why brief Senator Hadrian.
the Chairman of the Senate
Committee of Armed Services
before the president?
- They make a point. John.
I'd like an answer before you continue.
- To be frank Madam President.
we needed to be certain
there was something to brief you on
and to compartmentalize
the entire operation.
- You mean hide from inquiry?
- I mean keep it from the public.
That's why I went to Hadrian.
Do you think it's a good idea
for the public to know about this?
Do you? They can barely
handle bad weather.
That's the one downside
of a democracy disclosure
for some things that
just can't be disclosed.
and to ensure compliance
with any ridiculous
Freedom of Information Act requests.
the documentation has been
removed from government files.
Call it what you want.
I call it. protecting the
people from themselves.
And before you utter one more word.
the president will agree with me on this.
- He's right. Elisabeth.
There are just some matters of state
that can't be disclosed.
Speaking of disclosure.
I'd like to know where Mr.
Griffin went in such a hurry.
given his background
and the subject matter
that we're talking about.
Don't you find it odd
that he left so abruptly?
- Very well.
He went to the European
Space Operations Center
in Darmstadt. Germany.
We want to know if the Gaia observatory
reported anything unusual.
We would've told you Madam President.
but we didn't want any
military interference.
- You're gonna have more than military-
- General. I'm satisfied.
Let's all secure from Defcon 3. shall we?
- It's a prudent action.
Albeit a bit underhanded.
- So you haven't been able
to track this satellite?
- Not the satellite itself.
- But I thought the satellite-
- Communication.
After we ruled out a hack of Milstar.
we believe it came down to line of sight.
and that our satellite
simply got in the way.
- How did you possibly come
up with that conclusion?
- Our satellites don't communicate
the X-ray transmission.
Our satellite simply
recorded what it received
or more precisely what passed through it.
- But that still doesn't prove
your line of sight theory.
- It doesn't disprove it either.
It's a theory for many deductions.
Fact. no satellite launched from Earth
whether military or civilian communicates
via X-ray transmissions.
Fact. the signal terminated
over the Atlantic Ocean.
Fact. no military or civilian
aircraft. surface ships.
or submarines were anywhere near
the termination of the signal.
So where does that leave us?
- Your tell us. Major.
- You're familiar with Arthur Conan Doyle.
- Of course.
- Once you eliminate the impossible.
what remains no matter how
improbable. must be the truth.
Laugh all you want.
Madam President. we strongly
believe that this satellite
was communicating with something that.
well. something that we just can't see
because the fact remains that a signal
must be received by something.
The fact that we can't
see it does not mean
that it doesn't exist.
- Your conclusion is ridiculous.
- Not nearly as ridiculous
as your deliberate dismissal.
You're supposed to be the
National Security Adviser.
Aren't you the least bit
concerned about this?
- I'm concerned that Russia.
a member of the United
Nations Security Council
has invaded the Crimea and the
president should be talking
to her allies upstairs
rather than listening to
fantasy downstairs. okay?
I'm concerned that you are
wasting the president's time.
but hey. look. I get it.
You have a picture
and a signal and you think that-
- Major. excuse me.
You are also painfully. aware
that X-ray can originate
from a supernova. other space phenomenon?
- But it does come down
to modulation. doesn't it?
A supernova isn't trying to communicate.
You also know. or maybe you don't.
that NASA has been experimenting
with this technology.
Madam President. if NASA is successful.
the result will be high-rates of data
transmitted over vast distances of space
and the ability to communicate
with hypersonic vehicles
during atmosphere. free entry.
Mr. Griffith would confirm
all this. but he's. oh yes.
he's left for ESOC.
- General. have you decoded
these transmissions?
- This is why it's taken so long
to bring this to your attention.
I'll take over. Major.
Madam President. what
I'm about to disclose
has a NATO security classification as CTS.
it's Cosmic Top Secret.
High security rating possible.
Before I continue. I
need your authorization
to declassify this information to him.
- I have more clearance
that you can possibly know.
- Not with me. you don't.
- Madam President. a moment.
Reager knows that Cedric is in this room
he has all necessary
clearances. why ask you?
- He wants to know
where my alliances fall.
He's plotting something.
What. I don't know yet. but
body language speaks volumes.
Reager wants something.
- And Cedric wants to know what.
- We need to find out where this is going.
General. you have my authorization.
- The planet Earth
designated the Blue
Marble during Apollo 17.
Stunning. isn't it?
But here's what you have to know
if you plan to land on it.
There are presently over
3.500 satellites in orbit.
We are tracking over 500.000 pieces
of orbital debris.
Now this traffic is traveling
at 17.000 miles per hour.
in Earth's atmosphere. civilian
and military flight tracking
is just as important.
This year alone. there will
be over 100.000 civilian flights
around the world.
The Military. NATO. ESA
and other civilian and commercial
partners have to navigate
this traffic for more
reasons than I can count.
Apparently. so to those
that control this satellite.
- What exactly are you saying. General?
- Navigation.
This satellite wasn't
just observing earth.
It was communicating in the same way
that we communicate with
our spacecraft and aircraft.
It wasn't just imagery. either.
Transponder codes for all
civilian and military satellites
and aircraft were recorded.
There were also weather
forecasting models.
We also found what we
believe to be a flight plan.
leaving from the Atlantic
ocean and off the planet.
- A flight plan?
- Where did the plan track to?
- That we don't know.
- Something isn't just watching us.
they're already here.
- Precisely.
- It's curious. isn't it?
- What is?
- This.
Governments spends billions
on space exploration
in the search for extra terrestrial life.
Earth scientists have discovered nearly 1000
extra solar planets. some
in the habitable zone.
Radio telescopes. beaming and beaming.
hoping to make contact.
And what happens?
You discover they're right here.
Congratulations. You can
both add another medal
to your fruit salads.
- Excuse me. That's disrespectful.
- Cedric. the General and
Major are decorated officers
with a track record of outstanding-
- Madam President forgive
me. I mean. no disrespect.
It's a compliment to your command.
- Well. then compliment us
with your scientific insight
on what we may be dealing with.
- There are many insights we could make.
Just looking at the configuration
and size of the satellite
means that there could be a
similarity to Earth's development
in terms of communications.
Anti gravity propulsion
though. that's a revolution.
If in fact the X-37 readings were correct.
It means the propulsion can be achieved
at near light. speed in space.
And on planets like Earth.
Gravity cancellation technology
would make conventional
airports and airplanes obsolete.
In essence. picture a helicopter
without the need for rotating blades.
Now. if such a satellite were to originate
from another solar system.
it could be one nearby. say
Gliese or Promixa Centauri.
Ask anyone who has worked in this field
and they'll tell you
the navigation of space
is complicated and dangerous.
It looks empty to the lay person.
but in fact is littered with
debris like Earth orbit.
Now for a long extended
journey they would need
or at least want something along the lines
of asteroid deflectors for starters.
- Asteroid deflectors?
- Yes. devices that fly apart.
but in concert with the
primary space vehicle
to repel. deflect or
even destroy space debris
that poses a threat to navigation.
NASA is working on a plan
now to install laser cannons
on the ISS for just such debris.
It's a shame the satellite disappeared.
Imagine the knowledge. if
it was reversed engineered.
Of course. there's one
thing you can't tell
from these images or
even the transmission.
- And what's that?
- How long the satellite
has been an orbit.
Could be one year. It could be 100.
It could be a thousand.
My point is. wherever they're from.
regardless of what they look like.
they are an advanced
civilization. but not infallible.
- The comm signal that
passed through our satellite.
- Exactly.
- What do you think they want?
- You don't need to be a
scientist to answer that.
Madam President.
I would postulate the
same thing NASA wants
when new horizons
intercepts Pluto next year.
- Answers.
- Answers are something
that we need. Cedric.
So where do we go from here. General?
- It's not where we go. It's where we are.
Using our military satellite networks
in cooperation with other nations
and ground stations around the world.
I've assembled a team of
scientists and engineers
and various agencies to detect
and track this alien presence.
But our present funding and
certain inter-agency rules
prohibit us from taking this further.
I need your authorization
to divert funding
from the National Aeronautics
and Space Administration
Authorization Act of 2014.
This funding will be placed
at the National Reconnaissance Office
and administered by Space Command.
NASA won't ask any questions.
Any budget shortfall will
be handled by Congress
under Senator Hadrian's lead.
Operation Troy. Madam President.
- What are you afraid of. General?
- It's not about being afraid.
It's about knowing who they
are and what they want.
And let us be clear.
nobody undertakes a multi
light year space journey
just because it's Monday.
- That's right. General. a journey.
And you don't know what
they want or who they are.
You are assuming. just
on your actions alone.
they're malevolent.
- And what evidence do
you have that benevolent?
- Have they attacked you? No.
- We don't know that.
We don't know what they're doing here.
but they certainly have some
sort of stealth technology.
- And you don't?
Why do you fly your stealth bombers and drones
to hostile territory?
To protect yourself.
Has it dawned on you that
these. whatever they are.
are doing the same?
- No. it hasn't.
Because in our case. we
know who we're dealing with.
human beings
- Mr. Yonah. this is about
military preparedness.
It's that simple.
We don't know what we're dealing with.
- Exactly. You don't.
This action into the unknown
could seriously put our
national security in jeopardy.
nevermind the security of our planet.
Isn't this the time to act
on fact rather than fiction?
- That's the point. to get some.
We are operating literally in the dark.
the darkness of space.
The whole point of Operation Troy.
is to shed light on this darkness.
- Indeed. This is a time
to study and investigate.
Can you imagine what you
could learn from them?
- All we've learned is
that we're being watched.
and our land air and space
assets are being tracked.
To what end. who knows?
- Would you not agree that this
discovery gives credence to.
"Somewhere. something incredible
is waiting to be known?"
- This isn't the time or
place to quote Carl Sagan.
- That quote is mistakenly
attributed to him.
When in fact it was created by a reporter.
- What's your point. Cedric?
- My point Madam President.
is that in light of the
magnitude of this discovery
it's too easy for mistakes to be made.
- All you scientists are alike.
You deal with the unknown.
but you're remarkably.
predictable in your actions.
- As are you General. you
sadly deal in absolutes
because the unknown terrifies you
- General. if I sign this.
what's the objective of Operation Troy
- Identification.
If they're going to watch
us. we'll return the favor.
The objective is to identify
where they are on this planet.
And if possible. the solar system.
Once identified.
communications will be open.
My concern. Madam President
is despite them being here.
they've made no effort
to communicate with us.
Instead of silent. stealth-like invasion
has already happened.
Just because a bomb hasn't been dropped
does not mean the war has not begun.
So yes. I am afraid.
Afraid of the unknown. as you
should be. Madam President
and everyone else in room.
- Your xenophobia. General
is painfully apparent.
what does Reager stand for?
Something Germanic. isn't it?
How fitting someone with a Germanic name
talks about identifying people?
How fitting such a person
commands a military apparatus.
- How dare you compare me-
- I'm not comparing you
to anyone except yourself.
Unless people like me
speak up loud and often.
and at the moment it matters.
history is a strange
habit of repeating itself.
How many times in the history of mankind
have people been identified
by the fear of others?
How many times have they
been marked by the ignorance
of hate under the
organization of the state?
Those that wouldn't open their eyes.
those that failed to learn.
to make any attempt to understand
that just because you don't know someone
doesn't mean they're your enemy.
They could be your friend.
- A friend doesn't operate in stealth.
there in the open with
a hand of friendship
or at least curiosity.
Not some comm signal.
revealing the identification
of our planes.
our ships and our submarines.
With the exception of
you. everyone in this room
has taken the oath.
It's our job to protect this
country against enemies.
both foreign and domestic.
And if this doesn't qualify as foreign.
you can have all my stars
because that is exactly
where they're from.
And until the day comes
that they reveal themselves
and their intentions to us.
they will be treated as
a cancer in our world.
- And be eradicated.
You're right. General.
I haven't taken an oath
because how many times throughout history
do these oaths end in. "So help me. God."
You may be looking for
a divine intervention
if your plans bear fruit.
This fruit you so longingly
are looking to accomplish
could usher in a new revelation.
Has it even remotely occurred to you.
instead acting on fear of
what you don't understand.
you want to detect.
track and identify them.
and you don't even know what them is.
I'm a man of science and
one could say a history.
when your government enacted
the Indian Removal Act.
it never occurred to President Jackson
that someday the Native Americans
unique place in the world
might be needed.
Thankfully. they and
their language survived
and helped you end a World War.
Has it occurred to you
that whoever they are
it might someday help
you in your hour of need.
Maybe they already are.
Do you want to identify them
because you were scared of
what you don't understand.
If you don't want to understand
space. why look up.
keep your head down.
Thankfully Galileo never did.
But by looking up. he
went against the state.
Not a state of arms. but
a state of mind and beliefs.
Beliefs so distorted centuries later.
that millions would detect track
and identified by a state so
consumed with fear from within
they couldn't see without.
is ironic in so many ways
that you have a space program
that failed state.
A state that is now an ally.
whose Chancellor went before your Congress
and recounted one phrase of the
constitution that proclaims.
"Human dignity shall be inviolable."
Sadly. the action you
are postulating today.
is a violation of the dignity
and the oath you took.
Simply. "There is no price one can set
on the future of humanity
so long as it is tempered
with the best intentions of mankind."
You said those words. Madam
President to your Congress
to fund the space program.
not to militarize it.
I wonder what giant leap for mankind
will be attained if you signed this order.
Indeed. Madam President. the
Trojan horse in this room-
- Sit down.
well. what a
wonderful speech that was.
full of life. perspective
and replete with history.
but not one solid contemporary
idea on what we should do.
The history is littered
with people like you.
all talk and no action.
Neville Chamberlain would have loved you.
But yes. I love this uniform
and what it represents.
And I have no problem.
issue. or reservation
saying that I support and
defend the constitution
of the United States. period.
And if that goes against
your moral standings
and sensibilities. so be it.
That's your right.
Because as an American.
you have that choice.
That's the beauty of the
constitution. freedom of choice.
And if that freedom gets
bloodied along the way. so be it.
But I no longer have the
time. inclination or interest
in debating this with you any longer.
I live in the here and now. not last week
and not seven centuries ago.
And though history may have
some lessons to learn from.
I have no interest in
writing its last chapter.
And I'll be God damned
if something else writes it for us.
Forgive me. Madam President.
What say you?
- It seems odd. does it?
That we are here in a
bunker like wars long past.
But today we decide on a
fate that none of us know
or can even predict.
I've always been a supporter
of the space program.
you know that.
But unlike presidents before me.
I am faced with the revelation
that mankind is not alone.
I have to believe that our intention
has always been one of science.
but let's not kid ourselves.
There's always been a
military component to this.
this next frontier.
This is about the science of anything.
We need to know who or
what we're dealing with
before we can deal with them.
They have the upper hand
of what we don't know.
but that is something
that we need to know.
It's not about fear. but intelligence.
I think we can all agree that
before the New World was discovered.
all Erikson had was the horizon to look at
and it stars to guide him.
but we need to know what the beyond this horizon.
and why out of over 200 billions stars.
they were guided to us.
I'm sorry. it's this world first.
God help us.
- Thank you. Madam President.
For obvious reasons.
updates will not appear on
your daily intelligence brief.
- You can update my
office. General I'll -
- I'll update the president.
- My job as the National
Security Advisor is to-
- Advise the president on
matters of terrestrial security.
not space.
Madam President.
Let's plan to meet when
you get back to Washington.
I'm sure I'll have an update for you then.
- Very good. General.
- Of course. all my best at the G7.
This invasion by the
Russian's not good.
Hard to believe they were once an ally.
Major?
- Yes. sir.
- I'll see you at the briefing.
- Yes sir.
- Madam President.
- Major. I'd like to have that file.
- Yes. Madam President.
- And the USB?
- Madam President. I
don't think I could...
Of course. Madam President.
- How many of us have
dreamed of this moment?
The moment when we learned
that we're not alone?
And what's the first step that we take?
A military one.
History will record the
day I signed this order.
My God. what have I done?
- You've done what is
necessary for the moment
because something tells me the alternative
may have been far worse.
While I don't agree with it.
I understand your decision.
History is replete with moments like this.
but moments are never the whole picture
that is yet to be painted.
- I wish I could share your
spirited optimism. Cedric.
- Optimism is what we
must have. Madam President
so the darkest hour turns
into the brightest day.
- Madam President. it was a
pleasure to meet you today.
I'm sorry the circumstances.
- Think nothing of it. Major.
These are revealing times.
if not conflicted ones.
- May I ask which base you
might be visiting next?
- You may ask.
- Major. may I ask where you're headed?
I could use a ride to the field.
- Mr. Griffin was your ride. I gather.
- Yes. I could hire a car. but-
- No. no. that'd be fine.
I'm not due back at Chievres
until later this afternoon.
I'd be happy to do it.
- Thank you. Madam President.
until our next meeting.
- Safe travels. Cedric.
- Madam President.
- Elisabeth.
- Ma'am.
- With the stroke of a pen.
I just unleashed hell on Earth.
- Where am I taking you?
- It's a private field about
10 kilometers from the city.
I'll direct you.
- If you have the address I can GPS it.
- Why did you sign it?
- We needed to know
who we're dealing with.
Since the knowledge of an
alien presence on Earth
was conveyed to me by my predecessor.
on the day after I assumed office.
my fear has always been
that at some point.
the military would rest
control of our armed forces
from civilian command.
It's easier to monitor
him if I agree with him.
If I fight him. he'll burrow
into a hole so deep and black.
not even Kepler could
find him .
Issue the code. Argonaut Two.
Argonaut. he's not here.
- Yes. he is. Contact his embassy.
- Yes. Yes. Madam President.
- Elisabeth. everyone's been identified.
take every precaution.
- Senator Hadrian
- I'm sure you've had enough
formalities for one day.
Paul will do.
- And so will this.
- Excellent.
- Anything on Yonah?
- No. nothing.
There are no records on a
Cedric Yonah in any civilian
or military database.
- What? He's a science attache for Colton.
- Hmm. No. he isn't.
Our intel can't decide
if he was invited by Seward or Griffin.
- And what about him? Griffin?
He checks out so far.
but if he was in Germany.
he didn't go through Brussels.
- How did he leave?
- Helicopter. no flight plan
and even more disturbing.
we've lost him on the radar.
- That's not possible in this airspace.
- Someone made it possible just like this.
- What the hell?
- They're all like this from the meeting.
But if you take a look at
your drive. they're all fine.
That camera we hid in your fruit salad
seemed to work wonderfully.
And we picked up your
signal as you came topside.
It's not mechanical.
- No. And I'm afraid
Sampson is gonna have the same results.
By the way. we haven't heard from her
since she went down
underneath for the meeting.
Has she reported back to you?
- That's disturbing.
I disabled the Faraday
shield after I left.
Click back to the meeting.
No. something's not right.
No background. no picture.
You don't think you could
be one of the people?
- Who knows?
- Well. whoever he is. he knows who I am.
- But we know who he works with.
And this meeting was
always about intelligence.
- Yes.
- Madam President. the Prime
Minister of the United Kingdom
and the President of
the Russian Federation.
- Alison. thank you so much.
- Well. I was just upstairs. but...
- Sergei. I appreciate this.
You know I wouldn't have called
Argonaut Two if it wasn't-
- Elisabeth briefed us.
- Stephen. where is Elisabeth?
- She's in communication
with the Synedrion Council.
- Let us know when she returns. Thank you.
- Madam President.
- Allison. there's coffee. tea.
- You didn't push the panic
button because of a satellite
we already knew about.
Your military is out of control.
- And yours isn't? You
invaded and annexed Crimea.
- Crimea's parliament
voted for independence.
- Oh. please. After you installed
a pro Russian government.
- Your sanctions against us will not be-
- Sergei. Helen. We're not here
to talk about matters of state.
- You're right?
Of course. My apologies.
- Well. now that we have detente.
Helen. Argonaut Two is only called
when one of the space is
an imminent outside threat.
but this isn't outside it's inside.
- I had no idea you were
such a historian on space.
Elisabeth.
- That's why I'm here. I briefed her.
- Well. one thing was quite clear.
Seward and Yonah are not
casual acquaintances.
I wonder. have we been played?
- In what sense?
- There are only two possibilities.
Either they made a mistake. which I doubt.
Or they deliberately sent a signal
through Milstar to smoke us out.
I don't think it was the former.
- Why would they possibly do that?
- Answers. The crash in
47. The conference in 72.
He mentioned reverse engineering
and seemed to go off a
cliff when I told him
we decoded the signal.
We've been waiting for a move.
This could have been it.
- No. I don't see it.
Would you have given the
Taliban classified intel
to disclosed their exact locations?
No. Misinformation. of course.
And you remember the day
the signal was cracked
and you took the information.
clarified it with our records.
You nearly had a stroke.
And the method we use
to crack that signal.
the Geneva Convention
doesn't apply to them.
- Them!
- Does he know about Apollo?
- This invasion by
the Russians. not good.
Hard to believe they were once an ally.
- Helen. this is bigger than Apollo.
It transcends all of us.
- Jesus Christ.
- And he's not working alone.
- What was her reaction?
- Dejected.
- And insurgency?
- I suspect in all our militaries.
that's why I called Argonaut Two.
Like the first during the war
the only way to win this
one is if we cooperate.
- Reager gives a whole new
meaning to fifth column.
- What about Hadrian?
Is he part of this insurgency
or just an unwilling pawn?
- It's hard to say at this point.
His committee has oversight
over the military.
So it makes sense that he's
in communication with him.
And there's also a
rumor that he's going to
be Anderson's VP pick in the
next presidential election.
- Then we should keep him close.
- Telling Colton about Apollo
was the right thing to do.
She can't do anything about this publicly.
but we can privately.
This is about parity.
The playing field needs to be leveled.
There's a whole fleet of them.
Look on the S.A. My gosh.
They're all going against the wind.
The wind is 120 knots to the west.
- That was as close as we ever got.
- Nothing the air force has
can compete with any of these.
We need to get at least one of them.
What's the update with our prototype?
- In about 36 to 48 months.
What if she shows up?
We can't deny the
Commander-in-Chief access.
If she learns what we've diverted funding
from NASA's Orion program for.
- That's why you went in with Troy
to make this diversion legal.
Besides. too many of Sampson's group
already know about the signal.
We had to tell the president.
- The meeting with Reager was never about
discovering the satellite.
but who would surface
from within the military.
That was their plan.
Since 72. they've been
desperate for intelligence.
Can't say I blame them.
But today both sides lost
because all of the key players
have been revealed to each other.
If anyone was a pawn. it was me.
- And Cedric came to the meeting?
He hasn't been seen in
public since the war.
- He insisted.
we tried to reason with him.
but there was no changing his mind.
Reager only heard and
saw what he wanted too.
- There's no choice then.
We need to give the peace.
At any cost because the next war
could throw us to the dark ages.
- Then we need a grand
alliance and a united front.
- If Colton shows up. she'll
need to make a choice.
either this world or theirs
because until we know the extent
this alien force has on us.
there's only one thing left to do.
- Put me through to Space Command
at Peterson Air Force Base.
This is General Reager.
by authorization of the
President of the United States.
initiate Operation Troy.
- Reager's got everyone on the offensive.
So we need to keep all
eyes looking down at Earth
rather than above.
- Conflicts.
- Yes and regional wars
that we can contain
through back channels like this one.
And then while that
front is moving forward.
we can start gathering
intelligence on Reager's operation.
- Follow the money.
- Exactly.
The Pentagon's Advanced
Aviation Threat Identification
Program ran out of money in 2012.
So he can't hide behind that.
And he's probably already
tapped what he feels.
the CBO and treasury won't discover
along with black ops money.
But now he needs money for
something else. something big.
I can feel it.
And it's not the sat networks.
they're already up and running.
- Well. while the money is being traced
there's plenty of hotspots
to ignite regional conflicts.
We have to decide-
let's
hit pause for a moment.
Before we start playing God.
don't you think the time has come
that they reveal themselves?
- They tried that. Alison in 72.
I agree with Reager on one point.
we all know that despite
the yearning of the masses.
wanting to know that they're
not alone in this universe.
they actually prefer it that way.
Look. I don't like this
job any more than you do.
but no prime minister or president
should be saddled with this knowledge.
Nevermind. responsibility.
That is the hand we've
been dealt. and thank God.
So we're here playing cards
in this cosmic game of poker.
I'll aim for a Royal.
- And let's be clear Allison.
This is not about playing God.
it is about delaying revelation.
Reager thinks he knows his enemy.
but his enemy is not who he thinks it is.
He's acting conventionally.
And if it's true that like-minded people.
in our respective military
and intelligence operations
have been compromised
and are following him.
then the only thing left for us to do
is to make their job on Earth
as difficult as possible.
We of all nations should know
that peace is not bloodness.
The last thing any of us
need is a united insurgency.
To quote one of your predecessors.
"There is no time for ease and comfort.
It is time to dare and endure."
- Sergei. I think we can all agree
that nothing about this
is easy or comforting.
but when the day comes that we
no longer question ourselves.
we become the very people
we're trying to defeat.
Let us hope we endure this.
- I understand.
Sampson left with Cedric 15 minutes ago.
and there's a radar and
communications blackout
that radiates out 15
kilometers from the city.
- Griffin disappears. Cedric
can't be identified. no comms.
This can't be a coincidence.
Put me through to Commander Halsey.
- You should continue
pushing into Donbass.
- What about the Security
Council and NATO?
- Three of the five permanent
members are in this room.
Ukraine is not part of NATO
so article five doesn't apply.
Germany will complain.
but their economy relies
on your good graces
so it will go nowhere.
Maybe superficial sanctions.
but that's as far as it will go
- Coalition airstrikes against ISIL
will be starting next month.
With our intelligence. we
can assist ISIL's reach
outside of their caliphate.
- Dear God. Helen. Do you
know what you're saying?
If this gets out-
- Allison. if you have a
pious solution for this.
we're all ears.
Arresting Reager and
Hadrian is not an option.
First. there's no legal basis for it.
I mean. dismissing Reager
would be one thing.
but removing a sitting Senator?
And let's be clear.
if cornered their option
could lead to a conflict
of biblical proportions.
You know that.
Just like everyone else in this game.
we need intelligence.
Not just for them. but for ourselves.
Because when this dam breaks.
we better know who's on our ark.
Debate's over
- Well. as for debate. you
knew there's growing voice
in the UK to leave the European Union.
If the vote is to leave. it
will send the markets in turmoil
and destabilize the European economy.
But we can't force people to
vote one way or the other.
- Elections can be influenced.
Depending on the outcome.
we could keep intelligence agencies
and governments busy for years.
The question you need to ask yourself
is who do you want to
occupy the oval office
after you leave.
Who do you think is best equipped
to handle matters of space?
This is where we keep our friends close.
but our enemies closer.
- Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.
The council has known for some
time that there is one hangar
that central can not see through.
As General Reager has been identified
as part of this military insurgency
and with his frequent trips to
the base. the time has come.
where we need to know
what's inside that hanger.
A bit of history.
During the Cold War. Wright was home
to the Aeronautical System Center
and the National Air and
Space Intelligence Center.
If there was a new aerospace
weapon or intelligence system
it was conceived. designed. tested.
and deployed from Wright.
but it was World War II
that brought it home to us.
just after the war. Operation
Paperclip landed 200 plus
Nazi German scientists
and technicians at Wright.
The most famous of them
was Wernher von Braun.
whose Saturn V rockets.
landed men on the moon in 1969
and resulted in the greatest cover-up
in Earth's known history.
- Does the council have any
idea what's in that hangar?
- None. And security is biometric.
- Well. the answer is simple.
Wright is your the next base inspection.
- As Commander-in-Chief. you're
the only one that can go.
- Well. there may be
another. but time is short.
If I do this. we lay every.
every card on the table.
I think we should wait.
- What for?
You need to take the same lead with Reager
as you just did with us.
- Glad you knew how to get here.
It's weird that GPS didn't work.
That was a long call you had.
I hate teleconference calls.
especially when you just have to listen
while someone else drones on.
- Just because I was listening
doesn't mean I wasn't saying anything.
It looks like
your ride's not here yet.
Do you need to call someone?
Nope.
So tell me Ellen. you've
been in the military what?
Since high school?
- Just about.
- What brought you to the
air force. specifically?
- Well. ever since I was a kid.
I wanted to know how to fly.
At first. it was just
the remote control planes
and then before I knew it.
I was learning to fly a
Cessna while in high school.
My father showed me.
- He was a pilot? Your
parents must be proud.
- Yes. Commercial. He is.
Mom?
- She died when I was 10.
- Sorry.
- Oh. thank you. It's all right.
So it was just my dad. me.
I used to love when he would sneak me
on to the flight deck.
- Flying is rather intoxicating. isn't it?
- Oh. yes.
- Doing some work on the F-35?
- Not as much as I would like.
program is a development nightmare.
- So I hear.
So then you got a degree
in aerospace engineering.
- Yes. How did you know?
- Just an educated guess
with your satellite work.
Any other reasons why
you joined the military?
Forgive my asking.
I always find the stories interesting.
- I guess a sense of adventure.
seeing new things. traveling.
What about you?
What made you so passionate
about science and history?
That was quite the speech
you gave to General Reager.
- Well. when you've been
at it as long as I've been.
let's just say it's a
long experience. long.
But for me it's how science
transcends the past.
present and future.
I've always been curious. I
guess. wanting to contribute.
wanting to understand the unknown.
something my parents instilled in me.
They taught me to understand
that once you know the unknown.
it no longer frightens you
because you can learn from it.
But learning is three-dimensional
not two like Reager.
- You don't like him.
- It's nothing to do with
like. but it's everything to do
with the fact that he came to that meeting
for one reason only. to get a signature.
- He's always been objective-driven.
He didn't rise to the rank he
has without being decisive.
- True. We all have our objectives.
Speaking of. you and your group
must've been pretty excited
when you made this discovery.
- Oh. it was incredible
to know that we're not alone.
but I'll admit it. I'm scared.
Maybe. Maybe I just don't
understand this unknown.
- Yet. You see what was exciting to me
was the fact that some
civilization found Earth
worthy to look at. to study.
Kepler may already be looking back.
but there's a technology gap
and so many don't understand
what they can't see.
Someday direct imaging from
Earth will be possible.
- I hope I'm around to see that.
- Unlike Reager. at least you want to see.
So how long have you worked with him?
- Of and on about 10 years? Why?
- Do you trust him?
- That's quite a question
coming from a civilian.
It's not a matter of trust.
It's about following the chain of command
- And respecting that chain?
- Absolutely.
- I can imagine then you're conflicted
because you're still wondering
how he decoded the signal.
What did Reager mean when he said.
- With everything we know.
we should have seen this one coming?
- How the hell did you hear that?
You were across the room?
- It doesn't matter. what
does is what he meant.
- Cedric. I've enjoyed our talk.
but I am not disclosing
classified information.
I think you can wait for your ride alone.
- Information that in addition
to anti-gravity propulsion.
the satellite had stealth technology
and in fact. disappeared
right in front of the X-37.
You remember what I told him?
How long the satellite has been in orbit?
It could be one year. it could be 100.
It could be a thousand.
- Neither one of you have any idea.
and it's been the subject
of numerous conversations.
There is something we both
know that Reager doesn't.
You're sure it wasn't Earth-based signal
that reflected off some
piece of space debris?
When I asked you that you turned
ashen white. just like now.
It was that moment when
you and I made a connection.
Simply you lied to Reager either
because you didn't
understand what you detected
or didn't want to understand it.
If the signal originated
on earth from say.
a radio telescope. that would
have been a different story.
The transmission originated
in the atmosphere
to the satellite at LG2 through Milstar.
and back to its origin.
- How do you know all this?
- Because I sent it
You know. as well as I
that signals intelligence
didn't decrypt the transmission.
Your civilian self probably wanted to know
how decryption was possible.
but your military training told
you to just follow command.
but something. something told you
to report the origin of
the signal differently.
"With everything we
know." what did he mean?
- I could go to jail for this.
- You're already in a jail of conflict.
an untenable command structure.
- It's not that I didn't
want to understand.
I didn't want him to.
He's beyond obsessed with
anti-gravity propulsion.
He brought me and some
others in several years ago
to go through everything
we had on the subject.
from Project Sign. Grudge and Blue Book
to black opps aerospace programs.
He even once showed us a video
of something flying at a
headwind of over 120 knots.
I say something because
it's still unidentified.
All of us were caught up in it.
- How far did you get?
- Theoretically. we made
some solid progress.
When he had his transfer everything we had
to a working group at Wright-Patterson.
we were led to believe it was
to benefit the F-35 program.
We heard nothing for months.
then this signal brought us
all back to General Reager.
- Compartmentalize.
One group does one thing.
another does something else.
but only a handful. know everything.
Classic military structure.
- I've been honest with you Cedric.
Now you need to be honest with me.
How did you send this signal?
- How is a matter of science.
But make no mistake.
there's no coincidence that
your group received a signal.
We knew you were monitoring
that particular Milstar satellite.
- Oh my God.
You worked for General Reager. don't you?
This was all about
intelligence. wasn't it?
We've been hearing about security sweeps.
surprise base inspections.
national security.
Oh my God. What have I gotten into?
- Ellen. I don't work for Reager.
but yes. this is about intelligence.
We need your help.
- My help?
Wait. we?
- In your line of work. do
the years. 1947 in 1972.
have any meaning to you?
- '47 was operation Blue Nose.
And while that ridiculous Roswell story
and '72 was when the Apollo program ended.
- Do you know why it ended?
- Everyone knows that. to
develop the space shuttle.
What the...
There's someone at the end of the field.
- I know.
My involvement in all this
started before the war.
- Iraq?
- World War II.
There was a justifiable concern
that after two millennia.
your technology wasn't progressing fast enough.
If something happened to
ours. for whatever reason.
there was no backstop.
How did Sagan say it.
"In all this vastness.
there was no hint that help
will come from elsewhere
to save us from ourselves."
So a decision was made to advance
certain fields of science.
I was sent to the Peenemunde
Army Research Center
in Germany.
It was truly the Cape Kennedy of its day.
Under the guise of a visiting scientist.
I offered assistance here and there.
particularly in areas of
propulsion and guidance.
Well. I got caught up in my work
and showed them things I shouldn't have.
When I refused to cooperate further.
I was arrested and sent
to a concentration camp.
You can imagine my disgust
when Reager was talking
about identification.
not from my people. but the millions.
The millions that never went home.
Well. after the camp was liberated.
I found myself alone in the
field. just waiting to go home.
The German scientists were
repatriated to the United States
and continued their work or
should I say some of my work.
There was no choice. but to monitor
all military installations
for developments.
A couple of years after the war
a patrol went down in Roswell.
for more reasons than I can count.
It was impossible to retrieve
certain remains of the crew
and the aircraft's propulsion
and stealth technologies.
We had high hopes during the 1960s though.
Perhaps the seeds of
science planted in war
would come back in peace.
When first contact was
finally made in 1969.
everything seemed to be
progressing the way we wanted.
Oh. there were concerns
in various governments
to say nothing of the military.
but Synedrion Council
felt they had to proceed.
that living in the shadows
was no longer an option.
In 1972. they agreed to meet with your
United Nations security council
to pave the way for revelation
that mankind is not alone.
First contact. if you will.
The military escort never
brought them to that meeting.
We've been looking for them ever since.
You can only imagine my guilt.
It didn't matter what our
involvement was in your world
or our technology.
We couldn't find them.
It was Griffin's idea for the signal.
We had to know who would surface.
Signal was too tempting for Reager.
He knew there was only one
group that could decrypt it.
- Group?
- Our parents. the ones
your military kidnapped.
Oh. come on. Seriously?
You don't honestly expect me
to believe any of this. do you?
- I only expect you to
believe what you can see?
- Governor. you asked for this?
- Thank you.
- Good to see you again. Major.
- Where there any problems?
- Aside from the curator? None.
- I'm not laughing. What did he call you?
- Governor.
- Governor of what?
- You haven't told her?
- Nearly everything. but.
- Major. Cedric Yonah. is the
Governor of Dominion Earth
and Premier of the Synedrion Council.
- I thought you said it was
your parents on this council
or whatever.
- They were. We ascended
after they disappeared.
James let's keep an open
comm for transparency.
Was there anything else?
- During your conference with the council.
Central monitored Reager's calls
from Chievres Air Base to Patterson AFB.
on his order GPS and Sat comm Directorate.
Echelon and the Deep Space Network
received new detection programming.
To avoid intercept. Central
has rerouted all comm traffic
to the secondary grid.
- That should buy us some time.
- Reager also inquired about
your whereabouts Major Sampson.
Now civilian agencies and
military installations
in the region are on
high alert over a radar
and communications blackout.
The United States and United Kingdom's
are claiming it's Russian
retaliation over the G7.
The Belgian authorities claim
it's a terrorist attack.
NATO has elevated its
alert readiness to Amber.
And F-16s have been
scrambled from Melsbroek AB.
Central will hold the
blackout until our departure.
- My God. How do you know all this?
- Why? X-ray communications. Major.
- Keep your eye on Cedric.
- That's not hard sir.
He's keeping them on me.
- If an opportunity
presents itself. take it.
We need to know more about him.
- Thank you. James.
- Of course. Major. I look
forward to our next meeting.
Governor.
- There's a hanger at Wright-Patterson
that we can't see through.
That's why we need your help.
- What about your X-ray communications?
- Don't mock me. I'm in no mood for it.
It's sheathed in the
same materials we use.
The crash of 47. the stealth technology.
if you know how to manufacture it.
it's easily adaptable to
structures and satellites.
Ellen. I can't stress
this next point enough.
I know you've heard some
fantastic stories today.
And by the look on your face.
you don't believe any of them.
But if Reager is developing
what I think he is.
the balance of power could
shift in such a direction
that life on this planet.
as we know it. will be over.
Think. has it ever. ever occurred to you.
why the United States has
built a military complex
that could destroy the
world 10 times over.
Please don't tell me it's
because of the Soviet Union.
It's because they know they aren't alone.
and paranoia is driving
this uncontrollable madness.
We need to know where our parents are
and what's in that hanger.
I confess I'm running out of patience.
but the alternative to
patience is not an option.
I've seen war in all its
ugliness. too many times.
The lines of peace need to be drawn here.
between us. on this field. in this moment.
You sadly deal in absolutes
because the unknown terrifies you.
- General. if I sign this.
what's the objective of Operation Troy?
- Identification.
- So help me. God.
what you've said is either
all true or all a lie.
All my years of training
have told me to listen.
stay calm and to act decisively.
But the oath I took.
isn't just a set of words.
General Reager is one thing.
but the president is another.
I cannot pledge my allegiance
on just your words alone.
- Then you need to ask yourself.
once you eliminate the
impossible whatever remains.
no matter how improbable.
must be the truth.
- Doveryai. no proveryai.
- Trust. but verify.
- This is exactly what they
want. How can you trust her?
- How can I not try?
Can you see the forest for the trees?
- Oh. my God.
You told us everything in
that meeting. everything.
- You only hear what. not what you should.
You only believe what you see.
This is for you.
NASA can verify its authenticity.
If you can help us.
Griffin is your contact.
- Thank you.
- How old are you?
- Old enough to never forget.
- Why are you here?
- Answers.
You honestly don't believe we're
the only ones here. do you?
- Where are you from?
- Earth.
- General Reager. please.
- What is it?
- Sampson signal has reappeared.
- Where?
- A field. 10 kilometers from the city.
- Do you have any idea what he wants?
- No. He just wanted. more like
demanded a meeting.
- And he flew from Colorado to Brussels?
- Well. it must be important.
- Bill.
- Yes. Madam president.
- I need a moment.
- If Reager learns what brought
a Holocaust to your world
you're going to have to explain to this one.
why your people who've been here
for the last 2000 plus years.
- That's why it's imperative
we find our parents.
If they talked under pressure or-
- Elisabeth. I understand.
but understand me.
I'm only interested in
protecting this planet
or as you people call it. the First World.